Update with branch and project structure (#8396)
dotnet/maui: .github/DEVELOPMENT.md

5. Restore the commented code in `Directory.Build.targets`.

## What branch should I use?

- net7.0
  - I want to use the net7.0 sdk and make changes that will be released with the .NET 7 release of MAUI
- net6.0
  - This PR seems like it should go out with a net6.0 service release
- main (start here if you don't know what to use)

>   - I want to use the net6.0 sdk and make changes that will be released with the .NET7 release of MAUI

Reviewer: Should this info be added to the [default PR template](https://github.com/dotnet/maui/blob/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)?

Author: Good thought!
https://github.com/dotnet/maui/pull/8420

>   - I want to use the net6.0 sdk and make changes that will be released with the .NET7 release of MAUI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - I want to use the net6.0 sdk and make changes that will be released with the .NET 7 release of MAUI
```
